0. BMP: supports over 4 billion colors (32 bit color)
   GIF: supports 256 colors (8 bit color)
   JPEGS and PNGS: support 16 million colors (24 bit color)

1. GIF's support animation.

2. Lossy compression throws away some data in the file,
    but lossless compresses the file so that is reversible, 
    and the quality of the file can move back and forth between the two.

3. JPEGs are lossy-compressed.

4. The system modifies the filename's first character in it's directory to tell the file has been deleted
    and the directory can be re-used. Then the system moves all of the file’s data to the hard drive.
    The actual file data is never erased. 
    
5. You can physically destroy the drive, degauss the drive (most likely making the drive unusable in the process),
    or overwriting the drive's data.

6. stdint.h is a header file in the C standard library introduced in the C99 standard library section 7.18.
    It allows programmers to write more portable code by specifying integer types, 
    and the defined minimum and maximum allowable values for each type.
    This header is particularly useful for embedded programming.

7. You can fill up the excat amount of space you want in a file.

8. BYTE: 1 byte
   LONG: 4 bytes
   DWORD: 4 bytes
   WORD: 2 bytes

9. The first two bytes of any BMP file in ASCII is BM.

10. bfSize is the size of the whole bitmap file, including header files.
    biSize is the size of the BITMAPINFOHEADER header, which is constant

11. If biHeight is negative, this means that the uncompressed bitmap is a top-down device-independent bitmap 
    with the origin at the upper left corner.

12. The biBitCount field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth.

13. fopen might return NULL in copy.c:37 if there is no space to create an outfile on the computer.

14. The third argument to fread is always 1 in the code because
Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?

15. copy.c:70 would assign padding the value of 3.

16. fseek is a function that allows you to change the position of the file pointer when reading, writing, or appending a file.
    This function is declared in the header file stdio.h.

17. SEEK_CUR is an integer constant which specifies that the offset provided is relative to the current file position.

18. Sure looks like David murdered poor Mr. Boddy!